chore: delete bash history (#334)
satellytes/satellytes.com: blog-posts/enterprises-benefit-from-scoped-npm-registries.md

`username:password` ⇒ base64 encoded ⇒ `dXNlcm5hbWU6cGFzc3dvcmQ=`

> For encoding you could use the command line `echo -n 'my-string' | base64` (bash) or an IDE (e.g. vscode with plugin). Or alternatively you could even use a REPL (e.g. [JS REPL](https://nodejs.dev/learn/how-to-use-the-nodejs-repl) with the following command in JavaScript `Buffer.from('username:password', 'binary').toString('base64')`).

Reviewer: There is a "shorthand" for that `Buffer.from(...)` command: `btoa()` (https://developer.mozilla.org/de/docs/Web/API/btoa).

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7970458/150305604-d91bebd6-4ab3-4453-a0eb-eac7ec23e255.png)

```suggestion
For encoding you could use the command line `echo -n 'my-string' | base64` (bash) or an IDE (e.g. vscode with plugin). Or alternatively you could even use a REPL (e.g. [JS REPL](https://nodejs.dev/learn/how-to-use-the-nodejs-repl) with the following command in JavaScript `btoa('username:password')`).
```

Reviewer 2: Interesting, didn't know that!

Author: @fischeversenker maybe I did something wrong but I tried it with the btoa() command but it fails:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10372711/150510140-843aeb37-ae00-4e4f-8a5b-215559dc56d0.png)

Reviewer: Turns out this is not yet available in node 14. As you can see initially I'm in node 16 where it works, then I switch to node 14 (`nvm use 14`) and try again to see it fail:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7970458/150527979-3057910d-35d2-436a-92ea-5b28c5b6cc34.png)

I also had a look at the documentation. It turns out `atob` and `btoa` were added in Node 16 but they are already considered Legacy: https://nodejs.org/dist/latest-v16.x/docs/api/globals.html#btoadata
So ignore this and stick to the `Buffer.from(...)` approach 👌

Author: :raised_hands: good to know :+1:

> >💡 If you use the command-line, the password is saved in plaintext into the command-line history and can be retrieved from there. You should delete the password afterward (e.g. for bash you can delete the complete history with `history -c`)

Reviewer: I've just learned that there is a way to bypass the history by adding a space in front of the command. On my machine that works but it seems to be configurable, so no guarantee that it works everywhere.

Generally I wouldn't advise people to clear their entire history with `history -c`. I would be absolutely lost and furious if that happened to me (over 10000 saved history items that make my daily workflow sooo much easier). I'd rather suggest to remove that single new entry that includes the password.

Here is a nice looking answer on stackexchange that I suggest to include. It also adds this trick to bypass the history by using a leading whitespace: https://unix.stackexchange.com/a/49216

Author: @fischeversenker thank you for the effort :raised_hands:
Yes I agree, `history -c` isn't maybe a good thing :see_no_evil: I don't use bash history too much  (only the latest history) because it isn't shared in different bash terminals sometimes and so I almost never find the command I want.
I also found this or similar thread and tried it with history -d -1 but it gave me always 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10372711/150511084-1c9507fd-de6b-4643-b9ae-65683251c96e.png)
So I think best would be to just leave it as @georgiee suggested.

> >💡 If you use the command-line, the password is saved in plaintext into the command-line history and can be retrieved from there. You should delete the password afterward (e.g. for bash you can delete the complete history with `history -c`)

Reviewer 3: `history -C` is almost violent, please don't suggest that. When someone can extracts my history, then I already have other problems anyway. I think it's enough to inform the user about the attack vector and they will figure it out.

Author: :see_no_evil: I agree, like I said I don't rely too much on the bash history as it is not consistent for me. I updated the text as I think that is the easiest and best solution :+1:
